Create text to SQL docs (#439)
timescale/pgai: docs/text_to_sql.md

Reviewer: Change your commit message to `docs(text_to_sql): create docs for text to sql` to get it to pass the linter

Author: done 1f8937e9b03eff0842a01999555339ce0ac7602e

# Text to SQL

> > **Disclaimer:** this feature is in early preview and not yet recommended for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Disclaimer:** this feature is in early preview and not yet supported in any way for production.
```

## Overview

pgai Text to SQL makes it simple for developers to use data from PostgreSQL tables as context for LLM applications.

Whether you’re building a customer-facing chatbot or an internal tool, text to SQL can help with the following use cases:

* **Structured Retrieval** – Answer questions using only SQL tables. Example: “What is the median MRR of our customers?”  
* **Structured \+ Unstructured Retrieval** – Combine SQL with vector search for RAG apps. Example: “Show me accounts that mentioned *security* in sales calls (unstructured), but don’t have 2FA enabled (structured).”  
* **AI Agents** – Let AI agents retrieve structured and unstructured data. Example: A stock analyst agent that looks up time-series data (structured) and searches earnings reports (unstructured).

> TODO: put the video here

Reviewer: remove TODO?

4. Click on Vectorizers in the left menu  
5. Click `Add an API key`  
6. For a list of all the providers we support and their API keys, see [Supported providers](#supported-providers).

## Fork your database

We recommend creating a fork of your database so you can safely experiment with text to SQL without impacting your production databases.

1. Visit Timescale Console  
2. Click on your service  
3. In the top right of your screen, click the three dot menu  
4. Click `Fork service`  
5. Email [support@timescale.com](mailto:support@timescale.com) your service ID and we will enable text to SQL functionality for your service

## Install or update the extension

Next, install the pgai extension. If you already have it installed, update it to the latest version. Note: you’ll need a specific version that has the text to SQL capabilities. 

```
/*
 * If it's your first time installing pgai
 */

select set_config('ai.enable_feature_flag_text_to_sql', 'true', false);
create extension if not exists ai cascade;

/*
 * If you already have pgai, update it
 */ 

select set_config('ai.enable_feature_flag_text_to_sql', 'true', false);
alter extension ai update;
```

TODO:

> * What version does the user need?

Reviewer: remove TODO?
